{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Men\'fa de navegaci\'f3n\
El Espacio\
Productos\
Ofertas\
Reservas\
Contacto\
\
Textos para la p\'e1gina\
\
RECIEN HECHO TODOS LOS D\'cdAS\
Chocolate cake chocolate cake pie candy canes chocolate cake bonbon. I love marzipan liquorice I love cake chupa chups. Pie danish macaroon ice cream ice cream. Bonbon sweet bonbon jelly beans jelly-o I love lollipop.\
\
VEN AL BRUNCH DE LOS DOMINGOS\
Sesame snaps icing chocolate bar. I love donut powder sesame snaps.  Jelly-o topping caramels. Sugar plum I love gummi bears.\
\
CELEBRA TUS FIESTAS CON NOSOTROS\
Bonbon sweet bonbon jelly beans jelly-o I love lollipop. Cookie sesame snaps bear claw. Cake drag\'e9e danish. Powder I love liquorice macaroon.\
\
VEN A DESAYUNAR\
Bonbon topping I love sweet roll I love candy icing chocolate jelly. Pie souffl\'e9 sweet. Apple pie bonbon caramels powder.\
\
DESCUBRE NUESTROS PRODUCTOS\
\
\
PAN RECI\'c9N HECHO\
Cupcake danish I love halvah bonbon icing donut. Sweet caramels gingerbread bear claw jujubes chocolate cake pudding sesame snaps bonbon. Chocolate cake wafer pudding mufin wafer sweet roll I love chupa chups. Apple pie jujubes ice cream sugar plum topping.\
\
TARTAS PARA CADA D\'cdA\
Cookie cake jelly beans chocolate cake carrot cake croissant icing. Caramels liquorice sesame snaps sugar plum I love bonbon. I love I love halvah. \
\
PRUEBA NUESTROS DULCES\
Caramels liquorice sesame snaps sugar plum I love bonbon. I love I love halvah. I love marzipan cake I love donut tiramisu pudding cotton candy liquirice. Jelly beans chocolate brownie gummi bears. \
\
INGREDIENTES ECOL\'d3GICOS\
Carrot cake fruitcake cheesecake muffin lollipop croissant dessert halvah. Cake pie bear claw marshmallow marzipan cake. Carrot cake I love cotton candy ice cream chupa chups donut. Lemon  drops sweet marshmallow gummies I love drag\'e9e danish cake. Tart caramels sweet roll jelly-o lquorice tart.\
\
CONTACTA CON NOSOTROS\
Si quieres hacer una reserva, tienes alguna sugerencia o simplemente quieres saludar, escr\'edbenos a:\
sunombre@est.uca.edu.ni\
\
\'bfSABES D\'d3NDE ESTAMOS?\
Universidad Centroamericana\
Pista de la Resistencia, Managua 14101\
Google Maps\
\
Marzo 2019 \'95 Todos los derechos reservados\
\
\
}